hello we are here in fib or 2013
colony in germany on the stand more
dotcom muscle
we are here with víctor martínez hello
victor how
hello how are you doing very well thank you
it seems the arrival of this year the file
always always when you think you have
seen everything has never seen anything always
keeps growing and I'm always at your
side with everything that one sees in the show
but it looks good and I'm happy to be
here for as my fans also how many
you have been in the fiba of germany
in Germany, I've been, I think, counting
this is my fourth time I'm here
what do you think is this year's edition
compared to last year
different city but different but
all at least the
fans are engaged is what always
I thank all the fans are dedicated to
to arrive does not matter in what city always
come you think an event is necessary
of this type in europe
clear as not always necessary because
imagine in the us we have not what
classic here is alive if this changes
we are all lost and we need it
we need it for one to join in
this kind of ice for health purposes of
you are all good to bring you all of europe
how did you get that body with 22 years
eating hard iron and silver can not
tell us something about your career now
I'm preparing for the first show that
You know, I have not done in a half years
year and a half if then better prepared
for me I think it's going to be on May 25
In New York
and to win it and after that for
clean ministers some advice for
our fans who want to stay in
form in dedication form please
as long as it is fixed and in gyms
to me the example that I can tell you is
that when you no longer want to go for the
fitness center
you have to devote more to the discipline
there is nothing else that is the discipline not
only for the gym but for
integral life what do you think of our
Web page
more muscle dotcom visit the one
tremendous page and if you want to learn
visit it because you are going to learn a lot
which is the secret to gain mass
muscle more effectively muscular
I like to weigh well weighs fixed like a
light piece I like but a dumb
very cold also with nutrition
eating lots of healthy calories
calories and not even 300 grams of
daily proteins and a weight that
can handle and not so heavy that what
who will see in the gym a weight that
can control whether it's the minimum
from 10 to 15 repetitions
I do not know